added text how to deal with inactive podcasts (#135)
EngineeringKiosk/GermanTechPodcasts: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Criteria to be accepted

Each podcast on the list should adhere to the following criteria

- is a podcast :smiley:
- is published using a RSS feed and is not behind a paywall
- published in German :de: :austria: :switzerland:
- has published at least 3 consecutive episodes
- is at least 2 months old
- majority of content is `tech` (tech context should be clearly visible and more than 60% of all episodes)
- reasonable audio quality

> - is still active (new episode published within one month) or has timeless/relevant content (e.g. a news episode won't be relevant months later)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- is still active (new episode published within two months) or has timeless/relevant content (e.g. a news episode won't be relevant months later)
```

I think we should extend it to two months.
+ Maybe adding a Summer Pause (general pause) exception. General pause exception is like when they actively say "We are running a pause, but will be back after X".
This can be added as a comment during a review.

What do you think?
